hello everyone how are you I'm bea ' font and
today as many do not put the
comments I bring you the solution to
problem of pp 25 of which I speak to you
closes the applications and the truth that
it is very easy to solve this problem what
only they have to do and as well as
I'm saying it because if they do not
Well, it's not going to work
next the first thing they have to
to do is go to this tab
or sub section of this little house are going to go
and your device has to be
connected obviously then it's going to
appear here a blue button I'm going to
connect to see
ok there is the iphone
will show us so they can see it there
iphone then I go back to the tab and I do not
the blue button appears they have to have
your device blocked at that time
then right now he blocked it once
I blocked it, I'm going to press this
blue button in this section to forces yes
they do not do it there it will not work
then once I have done this it goes
to appear here this
one is that they appear ready they are going to
operate any applications that
they have been locked up for some reason
do not open them and well the problem is that
they will have to do it every time
take them and it's a bit tedious but
because we do not have another is the only
application to download without jailbreak
and we have to wait for another
for the jailbreak to come out so that
we can all update then these
peoples have served if it served him
remember to give little hand up and
remember also subscribe and comment
about this video if it served you if you
liked if they have some other program for
download applications and jailbreak or what
who want to comment then this video
it was quick I hope it serves them and see you
in the traction